BC-3961 move S3 client implementation to infra modules (#4384)
hpi-schul-cloud/schulcloud-server: apps/server/src/shared/infra/s3-client/README.md

# S3 client module

This module allows to connect to the S3 storage with our abstraction layer.

## how to use

> You need to create a uniq connection token and set it as the connection name in S3Config. And you must use this token when injecting the S3 client into your service. This is **very important** because many modules can use the S3 client module with other configs.
> 
> The S3ClientModule.register method await a array of S3Configs also you can create many connection to deferent s3 providers and buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to create a unique connection token and set it as the connection name in S3 configuration. And you must use this token, when injecting the S3 client into your service. This is **very important**, because multiple modules could potentially use the S3 client with different configurations.

The S3ClientModule.register method awaits an array of S3 configurations. Also you can create many connections to different S3 providers and buckets.
```
